MAJOR: Add `DuplicatesPlugin`, versions ranges (#88)
FormidableLabs/inspectpack: README.md

An inspection tool for Webpack frontend JavaScript bundles.

`inspectpack` provides insight into your webpack-built JS bundles and detailed analysis of opportunites to reduce module sizes, unneeded duplicates, etc. It can be used as a webpack **plugin** during your compliations or as an **offline CLI tool** to report on your previous builds.

It is also the engine for the handy [`webpack-dashboard`](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/webpack-dashboard) plugin.

## Plugin

The `DuplicatesPlugin` identifies unnecessarily duplicated code in your webpack bundles with an actionable report to help you trim down wasted bytes.

> To get started, installed the plugin:

Reviewer: Nit – typo here, change to:

```suggestion
To get started, install the plugin:
```

... enter the `DuplicatesPlugin`.

#### Diagnosing duplicates

##### Simple report

With our plugin enabled in the standard configuration:

```js
new DuplicatesPlugin()
```

we get a summary report of the duplicates upon running the `webpack` command:

```
WARNING in Duplicate Sources / Packages - Duplicates found! ⚠️

* Duplicates: Found a total of 2 similar files across 3 code sources (both identical + similiar) accounting for 703 bundled bytes.
* Packages: Found a total of 1 packages with 2 resolved, 3 installed, and 3 depended versions.

## bundle.js
lodash (Found 2 resolved, 3 installed. Latest version 4.2.3.)
  3.1.0 ~/one/~/lodash
    scenario-new-webpack-new-npm-unflattened@* -> one@1.2.3 -> lodash@^3.0.0
  3.1.0 ~/two/~/lodash
    scenario-new-webpack-new-npm-unflattened@* -> two@2.3.4 -> lodash@^3.0.0
  4.2.3 ~/lodash
    scenario-new-webpack-new-npm-unflattened@* -> lodash@^4.1.0
```

Breaking down this report, we get a `webpack` "warning" emitted by default with an initial summary
of the report.

> * The `Duplicates` summary looks at **what is in the `webpack` bundle**. It tells us there are 2 files that are not identical, but the same package file path (e.g `3.1.0` vs `4.2.3` for `lodash/index.js`) and that there are 3 code sources that end up in our final bundle (which includes _two_ for `4.2.3`). We also get a byte count for all the files at issue (`703` bytes), which presumably could roughly be cut by 2/3 if we could collapse to just **one** file to do the same thing.

Reviewer: This section indicates that there are two code sources for `lodash@4.2.3`, but I think the scenario is that there are two for `lodash@3.1.0`, correct.

> which includes _two_ for `4.2.3`.

Author: Yup!

* The `Packages` summary looks at **what `npm` installed to `node_modules`**. This is the other "view" into our problems.
    * _Terminology_: Let's dig in to what things mean here.
        * **Resolved**: We have one package (`lodash`) that has 2 resolved versions (`3.1.0` and `4.2.3`). A "resolution" means that upon inspecting the dependency tree and what's in a registry source, these specific versions "match". The results may differ at a different point in time
        * **Installed**: These are actual packages installed to the local disk. In our case, we have **three** installs for 2 resolutions because we place an identical version twice.
        * **Depended**: These are the number of upstream packages that create a dependency from a unique path in the graph to a package. Put more concretely, in our case, three unique `package.json` files have an entry for `lodash`.

>             * _Note_: This is a bit of complicated assessment, since aside from the root `package.json` is, all of the rest of the dependency graph depends on what is resolved at the next level to give a dependent `package.json` and so on recusively.

Reviewer: Nit – some grammar here 😉 
```suggestion
            * _Note_: This is a bit of a complicated assessment, since aside from the root `package.json` the rest of the dependency graph depends on what is resolved at the next level to give a dependent `package.json` and so on recusively.
```

  {INSTALLED_PACKAGE_VERSION NO 1} {INSTALLED_PACKAGE_PATH NO 1}
    {DEPENDENCY PATH NO 1}
    {DEPENDENCY PATH NO 2}
    ...
  {INSTALLED_PACKAGE_VERSION NO 1} {INSTALLED_PACKAGE_PATH NO 2}
  ...
  {INSTALLED_PACKAGE_VERSION NO 2} {INSTALLED_PACKAGE_PATH NO 3}
  ...
```

Looking to our specific report for `lodash`, we see that we have:

* Two **installed** paths (`~/one/~/lodash`, `~/two/~/lodash`) for one **resolved** version (`3.1.0`). These are part of the dependency tree because of the graphs:
    * `ROOT -> one@1.2.3 -> lodash@^3.0.0`
    * `ROOT -> two@2.3.4 -> lodash@^3.0.0`
* One **installed** path (`~/lodash`) for another **resolved** version (`4.2.3`). This is part of the dependency tree because of a root dependency (`ROOT -> lodash@^4.1.0`).
* Take these numbers together and you get our summary of `2 resolved` and `3 installed` packages from our summary besides the package name.

Thus for actionable information, there is a naive "quick out" that if we could switch the root dependency _also_ to `^3.0.0` or something that resolves to `lodash@3.1.0` all three packages would collapse to one using modern `npm` or `yarn`!

#### Verbose report

> But, let's say we want a little more information of not just what the dependency tree is that ends up with these packages on disk, but also includes the bundled files that webpack is bringing in. For this, we want to enable verbose output with:

Reviewer: The wording of this sentence is a little bit confusing. Perhaps change it to:

```suggestion
But, let's say we want a little more information on the dependency tree besides the packages that end up on disk. For this, we can enable verbose output, which will include information on the bundled files that webpack is bringing in.
```

```
lodash/index.js (I, 249)
```

this takes the form of:

```
{FILE_PATH} ({[I]DENTICAL or [S]IMILAR}, {NUMBER_OF_BYTES})
```

which means the file `index.js` from the `lodash` package is _identical_ to at least one other file in the bundle (the `I` designation) is `249` bytes in size.

Looking at the last one for `4.2.3 ~/lodash`:

```
lodash/index.js (S, 205)
```

we have the same file name as the others, but it is not identical to any other file in the bundle -- instead it is only _similar_ (the `S` designation) and is `205` bytes in size.

So now, with this verbose report we can see:

* The specific files in play that are duplicated sources in the bundle.
* Whether they have any _identical_  matches elsewhere in the bundle.
* The byte size (and hence the impact) of each source.

### Fixing bundle duplicates

Alright! The plugin has analyzed your `webpack` compilation and dumped out a lot of information about all the duplicate sources and packages. ... so what do we do about it?

The real-world answer is **it's complicated**.

> Some things are relatively easy to fix. Others will not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some things are relatively easy to fix. Others are not.
```

#### Focus first on identical code sources

> For starters, if you're serious about fixing pre-existing duplicates in your bundle, run with the `verbose: true` option. What that gives you a list of the identical sources used in the bundle. These pieces of code are completely equivalent and so are very low-risk for attempting to collapse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For starters, if you're serious about fixing pre-existing duplicates in your bundle, run with the `verbose: true` option. What that gives you is a list of the identical sources used in the bundle. These pieces of code are completely equivalent, so attempting to collapse them is relatively low risk.
```

#### Change dependencies in your root `package.json`

> For a few issues, you may be able to change a dependency you control, usually in your root `package.json` (or any other dependency you control). In our example above, if the root `package.json` downgraded it's dependency to a semver range that resolved to `lodash@3.1.0` likely _all_ the duplicates for that mini-scenario would be solved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a few issues, you may be able to change a dependency you control, usually in your root `package.json` (or any other dependency you control). In our example above, if the root `package.json` downgraded its dependency to a semver range that resolved to `lodash@3.1.0` likely _all_ the duplicates for that mini-scenario would be solved.
```
